Question: 
    Part 3 Test Case 25I am currently failing test case 25. Passing test cases 1-24 and 26-30. I have written test cases to check if thread create correctly calls and executes the passed in function. I also check if the function address is in user space and not null. I also have test cases to check that calling thread create in thread create works. In thread create I malloc a page for stack and if malloc fails I return -1, otherwise I call clone. If clone fails I return -1 otherwise I return the new pid. If clone fails I free the stack. I have also checked that changes to shared resources are propagated through all threads (pretty sure this is covered by 27-30 anyway). In thread wait I check that the pid is positive and then return pid if waitpid is successful and -1 otherwise. I am not sure what other things to check for as basic functionality seems okay.lab3

    Student Answer: 
    

    Instructor Answer: 
    

    Followup Discussions:
    @498_f1Nathan Prashant Duggal6 days agoHow are you checking that the function is in user space? By checking if its less than kernbase?0Anonymous Atom6 days agoYep, exactly0Nathan Prashant Duggal5 days agoI've passd everything else but have never once passed 25. Have you gotten it to work?0Killian Patrick Vetter5 days agotry mallocing and cloning until malloc fails. This revealed an error for me to debug.0Nathan Prashant Duggal5 days agoThanks for the tip, looks like I wasn't sanitizing my clone inputs enough. However I still fail 25, can you give me any more specifics about the test you used? Mine basically just looks likefor(256times) {stack=malloc(0x100000)
       pid = clone(stack,4096)if(pid !=0)break}run code snippetVisit Manage Class to disable runnable code snippets×0Killian Patrick Vetter5 days agotry waiting on some of the clones then create even more clones. Go until malloc returns 00Nathan Prashant Duggal5 days agoThis was very helpful, thank you. For anyone else stuck on 25, it tests for memory leaks in your clone() implementation. Go through a bunch of consecutive clones and make sure the number of kallocs line up with the number of kfrees.2@498_f2Anonymous Calc5 days agoAre you getting a timeout or incorrect output? Mine always times out and I'm not sure why. Also failing 37 which feels like it could be connected0
    