Question: 
    Changing functions from static to non staticCan we change pre-existing functions from static to non-static so they can be called in other files?lab2

    Student Answer: 
    

    Instructor Answer: 
    Returning from the page fault the normal way should place the instruction pointer right where it was when the page fault happened; there’s nothing special you need to do there.Did you invalidate the TLB entry after you updated the faulting PTE?

    Followup Discussions:
    @193_f1Anonymous Atom2 months agoI am invalidating the TLB entry. I'll keep debugging, but do you know if there's anything else likely to be causing this?0@193_f2Rohan Natansh Bafna2 months agoIt’s hard to say without knowing the details of what caused the page faults (what was the faulting address? what was the value of %eip? what was the error code?) and whether they change after you handle the first page fault.What did you mean by xv6 no longer being able to fork in the original question?(oops, meant to respond to the other followup.)good comment0Anonymous Atom2 months agoIt's faulting in init.c when starting the shell with code 0x7 at addr 0x2fc8 over and over until it prints "init: fork failed", which seems like it just keeps retrying to fork. I'm guessing I'm just doing something wrong in how I'm handling the page fault. I'm sure it can be a number of things, so I'll keep trying to debug and go to OH if I can't get it.1Anonymous Calc2 months agowere you able to get this resolved? i'm facing the same issue3Ranjani Rajeswari Koushik2 months agoany solutions yet? I'm running into the same thing0Loading...2 months agoWe were using the incorrect pte when handling our page faults and that's what caused us to keep faulting over and over. I would guess that maybe there is something going wrong in your trap handler?0Anonymous Poet2 months agoany more details on this? It keeps restarting init:starting sh and copying the same page over and over again.0Ranjani Rajeswari Koushik2 months agoThat means that it's killing the child process over and over again, and it keeps forking until it can no longer. What fixed it for us what handling invalidate tlb correctly in copyuvm0Anonymous Poet2 months agoI fixed it by making sure my PTE was updating correctly, I was not changing it right for all cases.0
    