Question: 
    ./forktest-xv6-qemu matches perfectly but fail all test cases :(Has anyone else run into this issue? Everything on the test case matches, character by character (checked with a tool). But none of the auto grader tests pass.I think it may have to do with: lab2_pgcopy(void *dest, void *src, uint user_va).Is the user_va supposed to be page aligned in the printout? I am using the round down macro to align is since that is what I observed in the output.EDIT: COW / part 1 only is enough to pass a few on AGlab2

    Student Answer: 
    I think only if you have both features implemented will you start passing autograder tests.

    Instructor Answer: 
    

    Followup Discussions:
    @221_f1Anonymous Poet2 months agonot to throw a wrench in your way but i think that after i finished COW I was able to pass test cases 9-131Tianyi Yu2 months agoAmazing how you managed to not hardfault and timeout. Looks like you considered the extreme cases first!0Anonymous Gear2 months agoLol there is definitely a wrench in my way now but thanks for lmk. Definitely wana get COW perfect before i move on.0Anonymous Gear2 months agoAny tips for how you were able to stop hard faulting after just COW? I have passed cases 10-13 with just part 1 but still get a hard fault.0Tianyi Yu2 months agoHow were you able to pass 10-13? I still failed to pass those with both COW and Lazy Zero...0Anonymous Gear2 months agoI wasn’t calling lab2_report_pagefault(struct trapframe *tf)0Tianyi Yu2 months ago!?0Anonymous Gear2 months agoI originally had a manual cprintf for it since I saw it in the test output. Then i read the instructions and saw there was a dedicated function for it (which did the same thing i was doing) but for some reason it fixed my code slightly.0Tianyi Yu2 months agoI see... I'm still hardfaulting for 11-13 so it definitely wasn't a print issue...0Anonymous Gear2 months agoHow did you pass 9?0Tianyi Yu2 months ago9 is a hard fault for me too0Anonymous Helix1 month agoWere you able to figure out 11-12? I am also getting a hard fault for these two tests.0Tianyi Yu1 month agoYes, I have passed all the cases. I was able to clear 11-12 and also a bunch of other cases cause I forgot to kill a user process when misbehaving (instead of having it panic the kernel). I'm not sure the specific reason I was able to pass 11-12 but do make sure you're killing faulting user processes.2Anonymous Gear1 month agoDid you figure you 2-4?0Anonymous Gear1 month agoI am not hard faulting, just wrong output. I think it has to do with the zero page printout being wrong.0Tianyi Yu1 month agoI have no idea how I passed 2-4. I just passed it after finishing COW and zero page implementations. Do make sure that you're not using lab2_pgzero to zero out the zero page, but use memset instead.0Anonymous Beaker1 month agoHow did you pass 9-10? I am hard faulting :(0Tianyi Yu1 month agoI know from experience that test 9 was about the user process requesting too much memory (theoretically up to kernbase) but kalloc can’t give out enough pages when the user process actually writes to these addresses. Check if you are handling kalloc fails in trap appropriately. You should kill the user process if this happens.0Anonymous Beaker1 month agoI am killing the process if kalloc returns 0 in the trap handler...very weird0
    