Question: 
    exam 2 instructions and prepInstructionhighlights (full details at the end):CLOSED Internet, OPEN notesabsolutely NO Generative AI/LLM technology, including local instances thereof. By using GenAI to get through this class, you're doing yourself a disservice and striking yourself out of the marketplace. I plead with students to pleasethink for yourself. This is increasingly hard, but is the ONLY way to not be completely replaced by GenAI in the job marketplace you're about to enter. I am doing this for YOUR own good.WHEN: Wed, Apr 16th, 6:30-9pmWHERE: your supervised lab locationsWHO: please make sure you go to the supervised lab section and location for which you registered (the 2 consolidated supervised lab sections still come together to the same location).Topicsthat will be covered on exam 2:isolation, protectionkernel organizationVMMinterrupts, concurrency, schedulinguser and kernel threadingOS and networkingsecurityfile systemsatomicity and orderingHow to bestpreparefor exam 2:what the final exam will be like: It will be conceptual in nature, it will prompt you to consider OS design alternatives and argue in favor or against some of them. It will require FLUENCY in the mechanisms and tradeoff spaces introduced in class, so that you actually don't have to look them up during the exam.exam duration — of course we'll give the class more time. Currently aiming forat least2hrs (120 min).how to prepare: the best way to prepare, without a doubt, is to review my lecture recordings, religiously. And please listen very actively and take notes, instead of just having it play in the background. I structure lectures in such a way that an attentive listener will extract enough questions and hints about exam interlaced with the delivery of the main content.e.g. for each such example covered in lecture, please make sure you can solve this example yourself. Stop the recording, write the problem down on scratch paper, and derive the solution yourself. Then resume the recording to double check the answer.I frequently say things like : "if I were to ask you this on the exam"I often emphasize specific things as being very important or fundamentalI introduce concrete examples (like we did in the Atomicity 1 lecture, or the VMM lecture, considering 1-level page tables,  etc)Try to follow my line of thinking: how I conceptualize thing, how I give knowledge structure. This ability to conceptualize will, hopefully, make it clear that there's not much to memorize , that everything can be reasoned and derived from first principles.INSTRUCTIONS:The exam will bein-person, in-class, on your laptop. Please bring your laptop charged AND your adapter (if needed). It is your responsibility to ensure that your laptop is fully charged and has enough battery charge for the exam.The course staff will not have capacity to loan laptops or chargers to students.The exam will be released, on Canvas, at the typical start time for your supervised lab section, 6:30pm and access to the exam will end at 9pm. Please arrive early.Buzzcard: you are required to bring your buzzcard with you to the exam. Your GTID will be recorded to ensure that you took the examin person.Do NOTleave the exam room without checking in with course staff. You will not be able to take the exam without Photo ID.Please answer all questions to the best of your ability. Write down any reasonable assumptions you had to make.All use of internet, other than to access the exam through canvas is strictly disallowed. This is anopen notes,closed internetexam. Please note that this implies, but is not limited to the following:You may not consult any "answer" sites such as chegg, stack overflow, Quora, Yahoo Answers, or any other Q&A sites or forums. This is strictly prohibited.Students are forbidden from usingChatGPT, Gemini, CoPilot, Grok, Claude, and other Generative AI technologies or services for any reason whatsoever. Doing so is consideredplagiarism, which constitutes cheating. Instances of this will be referred directly to the Office of Student Integrity (OSI). We are trying to test YOUR knowledge and YOUR ability to think. Circumventing this intent is academically dishonest…You may use: alocal copyof class notes, the xv6 book, lecture slides, books.You’re not allowed to use lecture recordings during the exam – it’s logistically complicated.In pursuit of fairness, you are encouraged to report any instances or suspected instances of cheating on the exam in the provided exam space. With the exact time and place of occurrence.If a question asks for an explanationno credit will be given without explanation.Partner/collaboration policyNo partner is allowed – all exams in this class must be the sole work of each individual student.Nothingabout the exam may be discussed with any other individual except the course staff, in any format whatsoever (including but not limited to chat, email, in person).Everyone must turn in their own examAnyone seen or caught violating these policies will be subject to immediate dismissal from the exam and can receive a grade of zero on the exam.Good luck on your prep!ATp.s. Again, all lecture recordings and all slides have now been released. Please check Canvas->Media Gallery.logistics

    Student Answer: 
    

    Instructor Answer: 
    

    Followup Discussions:
    @688_f1Anonymous Helix1 week agoAre you still having office hours at 10 today?0Rohan Natansh Bafna1 week agoYesgood comment0Anonymous Gear1 week agoHas the meeting been started? It says waiting for host to start on my end.0Anonymous Helix1 week agoIm in the waiting room as well. I think hes just taking a minute to get ready? Hopefully he feels well enough to help out today.0Rohan Natansh Bafna1 week agoSorry about that—something came up. I’m joining nowgood comment0Anonymous Mouse1 week agoBeen in the waiting room for over an hour... hoping he's just working with another student.0Rohan Natansh Bafna1 week agoI’m going through everyone one at a time, so I have just been helping other studentsgood comment0
    