Question: 
    reminder: exam1 in class today (secD) and tomorrow (secC) : instructionsGreetings,Gentle Reminder: your first exam in this class is during the first lecture of the week for your corresponding section. Concretely:SecC: Tuesday, Mar 11, 2-2:50pm (usual classroom)SecD: Monday, Mar 10, 5-5:50pm (usual classroom)Please read through the instructions_before_you start the exam. The exam will appear on canvas at the start of your usual class time and will be available for 50min. It will then no longer be available, so please make sure you submit on time.Good luck!INSTRUCTIONS:The exam will bein-person, in-class, on your laptop. Please bring your laptop charged AND your adapter (if needed). It is your responsibility to ensure that your laptop is fully charged and has enough battery charge for the exam.The course staff will not have capacity to loan laptops or chargers to students.The exam will be released, on Canvas, at the typical start time for your section, and access to the exam will end exactly 50 minutes later. This is a 50min timed exam. Please arrive early.Buzzcard: you are required to bring your buzzcard with you to the exam. Your GTID will be recorded to ensure that you took the examin person.Do NOTleave the exam room without checking in with course staff.Please answer all questions to the best of your ability. Write down any reasonable assumptions you had to make.All use of internet, other than to access the exam through canvas is strictly disallowed. This is anopen notes,closed internetexam. Please note that this implies, but is not limited to the following:You may not consult any "answer" sites such as chegg, stack overflow, Quora, Yahoo Answers, or any other Q&A sites or forums. This is strictly prohibited.Students are forbidden from usingChatGPT, Gemini, CoPilot, Grok, Claude, and other Generative AI technologies or services for any reason whatsoever. Doing so is consideredplagiarism, which constitutes cheating. Instances of this will be referred directly to the Office of Student Integrity (OSI). We are trying to test YOUR knowledge and YOUR ability to think. Circumventing this intent is academically dishonest…You may use: a local copy of class notes, the xv6 book, lecture slides.You’re not allowed to use lecture recordings during the exam – it’s logistically complicated.In pursuit of fairness, you are encouraged to report any instances or suspected instances of cheating on the exam in the provided exam space. With the exact time and place of occurrence.If a question asks for an explanationno credit will be given without explanation.Partner/collaboration policyNo partner is allowed – all exams in this class must be the sole work of each individual student.Nothingabout the exam may be discussed with any other individual except the course staff, in any format whatsoever (including but not limited to chat, email, in person).Everyone must turn in their own examAnyone seen or caught violating these policies will be subject to immediate dismissal from the exam and can receive a grade of zero on the exam.midterm

    Student Answer: 
    

    Instructor Answer: 
    

    Followup Discussions:
    
    