Question: 
    

    Student Answer: 
    I would make sure you are correctly killing the process in your trap handler for things that shouldn't be happening (i.e. page faulting on a read, pde not being present, etc.) and that you understand what's going on in exec.c, you have to think about the lazy vs eagerly allocating there. Also think about what happens if you deallocate and free, what happens if that page has more than one reference?Also, mem and preempt are supposed to not succeed, so you don't need to worry about that!

    Instructor Answer: 
    

    Followup Discussions:
    @298_f1Anonymous Beaker1 month agoThank you, quick question:Am I supposed to be getting these pagetraps after running the tests? I am getting this on all of my tests despite them saying "OK"0Anonymous Comp1 month agono, I did not get any page traps after the fork test. maybe this is worth investigating?0Anonymous Comp1 month agoit seems like you are getting a page fault on a non present page. this might be something you need to handle in trap.c ?0Anonymous Beaker1 month agoHolyyy ok bet thank you so much I think thats a huge problem. Like I literally can't even try running ls without getting a page fault so I'll try to see what the issue is. Thanks!0Anonymous Comp1 month agogood luck 🙏 i hope this helps with some more test cases!0Rohit Hari1 month agoI am confused why thePGTRAP: err: 0x7, va = 0x19a0wont show up. It shows up for me and seems correct.To parse the command sh forks, which should make the page not writable for sh then after the child exits it accesses the value with a userspace memset. Is there anything I am missing about the expected behavior?1Anonymous Beaker1 month agoIt's still showing up for me as well after fixing the issue for the trap of code 5. Is this ok or am I supposed to make sure this doesn't show up as well?0Anonymous Scale1 month agoTrap code of 5 showed up for me when I was improperly allocating the code/data page so that might be something to look at.0Anonymous Beaker1 month agoI fixed trap code 5, do you havePGTRAP: err: 0x7, va = 0x19a0at the end as well?0Anonymous Comp1 month agoafterfork test okmy output immediately goes to the bigdir test, but if you are only running fork test, then yea after all the tests are completed I havePGTRAP: err: 0x7, va = 0x19a00Anonymous Scale1 month agoYes that should be correct at the end.1
    